W-14038153 usage reports (#206)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/pricing.adoc

= Anypoint Platform Pricing

> //EDITOR: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE. IT WAS PREVIOUSLY EDITED.

Reviewer: Not looking

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This information applies only to select customers who are opted in to https://www.salesforce.com/content/dam/web/en_us/www/documents/legal/Agreements/Limited-Release-Features-Entitlements-New-Packaging.pdf[usage-based pricing]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information applies only to customers who opt in to https://www.salesforce.com/content/dam/web/en_us/www/documents/legal/Agreements/Limited-Release-Features-Entitlements-New-Packaging.pdf[usage-based pricing]. 
```

Details in this document are subject to change.
====

== Usage Reports Changes from Legacy Subscription Plans to Usage-Based Plans

> The Usage Reports page supports pricing packages for integration. When your organization opts in to a usage-based pricing plan, such as the Anypoint Integration Advanced package, your apps must be redeployed. After redeploying your apps, your usage reports are shown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Usage Reports page supports pricing packages for integration. When your organization opts in to a usage-based pricing plan, such as the Anypoint Integration Advanced package, you must redeploy your apps. After redeploying your apps, your usage reports are shown. 
```

> For CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0, apps are automatically redeployed during the monthly runtime patch update cycle. For more information, see xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-app-runtime-version-updates.adoc[CloudHub Runtime Continuous Updates] and xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-patch-updates.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Operating System Patch Updates].

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text?

Reviewer 2: Nope

> For Runtime Fabric, you must redeploy apps manually. You must redeploy Runtime Fabric apps in a timely manner to remain in compliance with your Anypoint Platform contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Runtime Fabric, you must manually redeploy apps to remain in compliance with your Anypoint Platform contract.
```

== Metrics Definitions

Usage-based pricing packages and their usage reports are based on your organization's use of allotted Mule components.

> To understand the technical aspects of metering and pricing concepts within Anypoint Platform, see xref:general::usage-metrics.adoc[Usage and Pricing Metrics] documentation.

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text and "documentation"? Can you just link to that topic?

Reviewer 2: Nope

== Global Resource Pool Limits

> Root organizations provisioned with usage-based pricing receive a global pool of CPU and memory resources that are shared for CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0 deployments across all business groups and environments in the organization. This pool of resources is large enough to consume all the purchased flows and messages without interruption. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Root organizations provisioned with usage-based pricing receive a shared global pool of CPU and memory resources for CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0 deployments across all business groups and environments in the organization. This pool of resources is large enough to consume all the purchased flows and messages without interruption. 
```

> If an organization runs out of resources, actions that consume more resources, such as deploying new applications or starting stopped applications are blocked until sufficient resources are available. You can free up resources by stopping or deleting unused applications, or reducing the replica size or resources that an existing application consumes. 

Reviewer: Do you need "stopped" here or is it implied?

Reviewer 2: IMO, it's good to have.

When your organization approaches the resource limit on the Applications List UI, Application Deployment UI, and Manage Application UI, you receive a warning. To avoid reaching limits, allocate only the needed resources by using granular replica sizes in CloudHub and CloudHub 2.0. 

Contact Support if you require an exception when you reach the limit. 

[NOTE]

> This limit doesn't impact applications configured with xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-configure-horizontal-autoscaling.adoc[Horizontal Pod Autoscaling in CloudHub 2.0]. You can continue to deploy applications if Horizontal Pod Autoscaling is enabled even if you hit the Global Resource Limits.

Reviewer: hard-coded

> This limit doesn't impact applications configured with xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-configure-horizontal-autoscaling.adoc[Horizontal Pod Autoscaling in CloudHub 2.0]. You can continue to deploy applications if Horizontal Pod Autoscaling is enabled even if you hit the Global Resource Limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This limit doesn't impact applications configured with xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-configure-horizontal-autoscaling.adoc[Horizontal Pod Autoscaling in CloudHub 2.0]. You can continue to deploy applications if Horizontal Pod Autoscaling is enabled even if you hit the global resource limits.
```

== CloudHub 2.0 Application Deployment

> For organizations provisioned with a usage-based pricing package, CloudHub 2.0 uses replica sizing for application deployment. You can choose replica sizes based on the application profile or size and display the equivalent in terms of legacy vCores. Replica sizes with the suffix `.mem` are memory-intensive options with the same compute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For organizations provisioned with a usage-based pricing package, CloudHub 2.0 uses replica sizing for application deployment. You can choose replica sizes based on the application profile or size and show the legacy vCore equivalent. Replica sizes with the suffix `.mem` are memory-intensive options with the same compute. 
```

Reviewer: Is compute a noun here?

Reviewer 2: Yes.

include::partial$pricing.adoc[tag=pricingTable]

> During the monthly patching cycle, your applications automatically migrates to an equivalent replica size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the monthly patching cycle, your applications automatically migrate to an equivalent replica size. 
```

> Application deployment using the Mule Maven Plugin is not yet supported. To deploy your apps, use the Runtime Manager UI and the Application Manager Experience APIs with the new field in `target.deploymentSettings` called `instanceType`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application deployment using the Mule Maven plugin is not yet supported. To deploy your apps, use the Runtime Manager UI and the Application Manager Experience APIs with the new field in `target.deploymentSettings` called `instanceType`.
```

Reviewer: Is this correct: Application Manager Experience APIs?

== Access Management Entitlements

> Accounts provisioned with a usage-based pricing package show flows, messages, and throughput entitlements in Access Management instead of vCores. These entitlements are available only at the root organization level. Because vCores are no longer the purchased entity, they can no longer be tracked or allocated among business groups. To view your monthly usage of flows, messages, and throughput, xref:general::usage-reports.adoc#access-usage-reports[access usage reports] in the Access Management UI. 

Reviewer: This reads like vCores and IAM are equivalent. 

Accounts provisioned with a usage-based pricing package show flows, messages, and throughput entitlements,  instead of vCores, in Access Management.

> To benefit from the robust usage reports that accompany usage-based pricing plans, all of your applications (in production and sandbox) must use the following Mule versions:

Author: ```suggestion
```
